{\rtf \li720 \fi-720 \sl240 \slmult1 \sa0 \uc0\u8220{}3 Gramsch et al 2017 Narrative Networks Medieval.Pdf.\uc0\u8221{} Accessed October 6, 2020. https://moodle.univie.ac.at/pluginfile.php/12918008/mod_resource/content/1/3%20Gramsch%20et%20al%202017%20Narrative%20networks%20medieval.pdf.\
\uc0\u8220{}3-UE61 CEAD - Anexo DIBUJOS Obra Adicional de Jacques Le Moyne.Pdf,\uc0\u8221{} n.d.\
\uc0\u8220{}1591 Latin_Narrativa Le Moyne-Grabados Comentados- Pags 40-83.Pdf,\uc0\u8221{} n.d.\
\uc0\u8220{}1591 Latin-Titulos En Castellano_Narrativa Le Moyne-Grabados Comentados- Pags 40-83.Pdf,\uc0\u8221{} n.d.\
Abbott, Alison. \uc0\u8220{}VENICE GETS A TIME MACHINE,\uc0\u8221{} n.d., 4.\
\uc0\u8220{}Actas Del Simposio de Eichstatt-Presentacion_1994.Pdf,\uc0\u8221{} n.d.\
Andrews, Tara L. \uc0\u8220{}The Third Way: Philology and Critical Edition in the Digital Age.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}The Journal of the European Society for Textual Scholarship}, edited by Wim van Mierlo, 61\uc0\u8211{}76. Brill | Rodopi, 2013. https://doi.org/10.1163/9789401209021_006.\
Aubert, Jean-Paul. \uc0\u8220{}LE CIN\uc0\u201{}MA DE L\uc0\u8217{}ESPAGNE D\uc0\u201{}MOCRATIQUE,\uc0\u8221{} n.d., 11.\
\uc0\u8220{}Aufregung_Wunderwald_Bilderbuch_-.Pdf,\uc0\u8221{} n.d.\
Barranha, Helena. \uc0\u8220{}Derivative Narratives: The Multiple Lives of a Masterpiece on the Internet.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Museum International} 70, no. 1\uc0\u8211{}2 (January 2018): 22\uc0\u8211{}33. https://doi.org/10.1111/muse.12190.\
Bettelheim, Bruno, and Silvia Furi\uc0\u243{}. {\i{}Psicoan\uc0\u225{}lisis de los cuentos de hadas}. Barcelona: Cr\uc0\u237{}tica\uc0\u8239{}: Grijalbo Mondadori, 1995.\
Borr\uc0\u225{}s, Mercedes MIGUEL, and Isabel ARQUERO Blanco. \uc0\u8220{}Imaginarios del Franquismo:,\uc0\u8221{} n.d., 20.\
\uc0\u8220{}Breuer, Seltmann 2018 - Sprachdatenbanken.Pdf,\uc0\u8221{} n.d.\
Bush, Vannevar. \uc0\u8220{}As We May Think.\uc0\u8221{} The Atlantic, July 1, 1945. https://www.theatlantic.com/magazine/archive/1945/07/as-we-may-think/303881/.\
\uc0\u8220{}CARLA: Center for Advanced Research on Language Acquisition.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Choice Reviews Online} 51, no. 02 (October 1, 2013): 51-0996-51\uc0\u8211{}0996. https://doi.org/10.5860/CHOICE.51-0996.\
\uc0\u8220{}Carmona-Como.Pdf,\uc0\u8221{} n.d.\
Davis, Martin. \uc0\u8220{}The Universal Computer,\uc0\u8221{} n.d., 232.\
Digitale Forschungsinfrastruktur f\uc0\u252{}r die Geistes- und Kulturwissenschaften, DARIAH-DE, ed. {\i{}Handbuch Digital Humanities: Anwendungen, Forschungsdaten und Projekte / DARIAH-DE}. 1. Aufl. Berlin: epubli, 2015.\
Dimitriadis, Alexis, and Simon Musgrave. \uc0\u8220{}Designing Linguistic Databases: A Primer for Linguists,\uc0\u8221{} n.d., 64.\
Djupdahl, Mattias, Edith Eskor, \uc0\u214{}sten Jonsson, Mari Runardotter, Raivo Ruusalepp, and Nj\uc0\u246{}r\uc0\u240{}ur Sigur\uc0\u240{}sson. \uc0\u8220{}Review of Crowdsourcing Projects and How They Relate to Linked Open Data,\uc0\u8221{} n.d., 15.\
Drucker, Johanna. \uc0\u8220{}Is There a \uc0\u8216{}Digital\uc0\u8217{} Art History?\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Visual Resources} 29, no. 1\uc0\u8211{}2 (June 2013): 5\uc0\u8211{}13. https://doi.org/10.1080/01973762.2013.761106.\
\uc0\u8220{}Erich-Auerbach-Mimesis-La-Representacion-de-La-Realidad-En-La-Literatura-Occidental-Seccion-de-Lengua-y-Estudios-Literarios-19961.Pdf,\uc0\u8221{} n.d.\
{\i{}Every Piece of Art You\uc0\u8217{}ve Ever Wanted to See -- up Close and Searchable | Amit Sood}, 2016. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CjB6DQGalU0.\
\uc0\u8220{}Flores_Mujeres_Almod\uc0\u243{}var.Pdf,\uc0\u8221{} n.d.\
Giardinelli, Mempo. \uc0\u8220{}Mempo Giardinelli.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Nuevo Texto Cr\uc0\u237{}tico} 3, no. 5 (1990): 185\uc0\u8211{}88. https://doi.org/10.1353/ntc.1990.0052.\
Gonz\uc0\u225{}lez, Cristina \uc0\u193{}lvarez. \uc0\u8220{}ARRIESGARSE A DESPERTAR: EL CINE ESPA\uc0\u209{}OL DURANTE LA TRANSICI\uc0\u211{}N (1975-1982),\uc0\u8221{} n.d., 12.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. \uc0\u8220{}ARRIESGARSE A DESPERTAR: EL CINE ESPA\uc0\u209{}OL DURANTE LA TRANSICI\uc0\u211{}N (1975-1982),\uc0\u8221{} n.d., 12.\
Gr\uc0\u252{}tzmacher, Lukasz. \uc0\u8220{}Las trampas del concepto \uc0\u8216{}la nueva novela hist\uc0\u243{}rica\uc0\u8217{} y de la ret\uc0\u243{}rica de la {\i{}historia postoficial}.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Acta Po\uc0\u233{}tica} 27, no. 1 (January 1, 2006). https://doi.org/10.19130/iifl.ap.2006.1.193.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. \uc0\u8220{}Las trampas del concepto \uc0\u8216{}la nueva novela hist\uc0\u243{}rica\uc0\u8217{} y de la ret\uc0\u243{}rica de la {\i{}historia postoficial}.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Acta Po\uc0\u233{}tica} 27, no. 1 (January 1, 2006). https://doi.org/10.19130/iifl.ap.2006.1.193.\
Heumann, Christian, Michael Schomaker, and Shalabh. {\i{}Introduction to Statistics and Data Analysis}. Cham: Springer International Publishing, 2016. https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-319-46162-5.\
\uc0\u8220{}Historical Linguistics Theory and Method by Mark Hale (z-Lib.Org).Pdf.\uc0\u8221{} Accessed October 12, 2020. https://moodle.univie.ac.at/pluginfile.php/12799227/mod_resource/content/1/Historical%20Linguistics%20Theory%20and%20Method%20by%20Mark%20Hale%20%28z-lib.org%29.pdf.\
Hunt, John. {\i{}A Beginners Guide to Python 3 Programming}. Undergraduate Topics in Computer Science. Cham: Springer International Publishing, 2019. https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-030-20290-3.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. \uc0\u8220{}Introduction to Files, Paths and IO,\uc0\u8221{} n.d., 8.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. \uc0\u8220{}Reading and Writing Files.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Advanced Guide to Python 3 Programming}, by John Hunt, 215\uc0\u8211{}30. Undergraduate Topics in Computer Science. Cham: Springer International Publishing, 2019. https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-030-25943-3_18.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. \uc0\u8220{}Regular Expressions in Python.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Advanced Guide to Python 3 Programming}, by John Hunt, 257\uc0\u8211{}71. Undergraduate Topics in Computer Science. Cham: Springer International Publishing, 2019. https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-030-25943-3_22.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. \uc0\u8220{}Stream IO.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Advanced Guide to Python 3 Programming}, by John Hunt, 231\uc0\u8211{}40. Undergraduate Topics in Computer Science. Cham: Springer International Publishing, 2019. https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-030-25943-3_19.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. \uc0\u8220{}Working with CSV Files.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Advanced Guide to Python 3 Programming}, by John Hunt, 241\uc0\u8211{}47. Undergraduate Topics in Computer Science. Cham: Springer International Publishing, 2019. https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-030-25943-3_20.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. \uc0\u8220{}Working with Excel Files.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Advanced Guide to Python 3 Programming}, by John Hunt, 249\uc0\u8211{}55. Undergraduate Topics in Computer Science. Cham: Springer International Publishing, 2019. https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-030-25943-3_21.\
Kesse, Erich. \uc0\u8220{}NARRATIVE OF LE MOYNE,\uc0\u8221{} n.d., 48.\
Kidd, Jenny. \uc0\u8220{}{\i{}With New Eyes I See}\uc0\u8239{}: Embodiment, Empathy and Silence in Digital Heritage Interpretation.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}International Journal of Heritage Studies} 25, no. 1 (January 2, 2019): 54\uc0\u8211{}66. https://doi.org/10.1080/13527258.2017.1341946.\
Kozen, Dexter C. {\i{}Automata and Computability}. New York, NY: Springer New York, 1997. https://doi.org/10.1007/978-1-4612-1844-9.\
Kraker, Peter, Derick Leony, Wolfgang Reinhardt, and G\uc0\u252{}nter Beham. \uc0\u8220{}The Case for an Open Science in Technology Enhanced Learning,\uc0\u8221{} n.d., 12.\
\uc0\u8220{}La Representaci\uc0\u243{}n Pict\uc0\u243{}rica Pablo Montoya.Pdf,\uc0\u8221{} n.d.\
Lee, Kent D., and Steve Hubbard. {\i{}Data Structures and Algorithms with Python}. Undergraduate Topics in Computer Science. Cham: Springer International Publishing, 2015. https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-319-13072-9.\
levenberg, lewis, Tai Neilson, and David Rheams, eds. {\i{}Research Methods for the Digital Humanities}. Cham: Springer International Publishing, 2018. https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-319-96713-4.\
\uc0\u8220{}LUCAKS-NH-Prefacio FR Por MAGNY_1965.Pdf,\uc0\u8221{} n.d.\
Lukacs, Georg. \uc0\u8220{}La forma cl\uc0\u225{}sica de la novela hist\uc0\u243{}rica,\uc0\u8221{} n.d., 64.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. \uc0\u8220{}La forma cl\uc0\u225{}sica de la novela hist\uc0\u243{}rica,\uc0\u8221{} n.d., 64.\
Masuzzo, Paola, and Lennart Martens. \uc0\u8220{}Do You Speak Open Science? Resources and Tips to Learn the Language,\uc0\u8221{} n.d., 22.\
McCarty, Willard. \uc0\u8220{}Modeling: A Study in Words and Meanings.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}A Companion to Digital Humanities}, edited by Susan Schreibman, Ray Siemens, and John Unsworth, 254\uc0\u8211{}70. Malden, MA, USA: Blackwell Publishing Ltd, 2004. https://doi.org/10.1002/9780470999875.ch19.\
\uc0\u8220{}MENTON-NNH-Rasgos-Causas_1993.Pdf,\uc0\u8221{} n.d.\
\uc0\u8220{}MENTON-Prependice-Lista NH y NNH_1993.Pdf,\uc0\u8221{} n.d.\
\uc0\u8220{}Meri_Torras-El_delito_del_cuerpo.Pdf,\uc0\u8221{} n.d.\
\uc0\u8220{}MONTOYA-Introduccion-Definicion-NH_2009.Pdf,\uc0\u8221{} n.d.\
Moreno, Fernando Roncero. \uc0\u8220{}\uc0\u8216{}LA GUERRA CIVIL VISTA A TRAV\uc0\u201{}S DEL CINE ESPA\uc0\u209{}OL DE FICCI\uc0\u211{}N: UNA MIRADA DESDE LA DEMOCRACIA\uc0\u8217{}.,\uc0\u8221{} n.d., 15.\
\uc0\u8220{}Open Definition 2.1 - Open Definition - Defining Open in Open Data, Open Content and Open Knowledge.\uc0\u8221{} Accessed October 12, 2020. https://opendefinition.org/od/2.1/en/.\
O\uc0\u8217{}Regan, Gerard. \uc0\u8220{}Automata Theory.\uc0\u8221{} In {\i{}Guide to Discrete Mathematics}, by Gerard O\uc0\u8217{}Regan, 117\uc0\u8211{}26. Texts in Computer Science. Cham: Springer International Publishing, 2016. https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-319-44561-8_7.\
Ramsay, Stephen. {\i{}An Algorithmic Criticism}. Vol. 1. University of Illinois Press, 2017. https://doi.org/10.5406/illinois/9780252036415.003.0001.\
Richard, Nelly, and Latin American Social Sciences Council, eds. {\i{}En torno a los estudios culturales: localidades, trayectorias y disputas}. Colecci\uc0\u243{}n ARCIS/CLACSO. Santiago de Chile: Univ. ARCIS [u.a.], 2010.\
Ridge, Mia. \uc0\u8220{}Crowdsourcing Our Cultural Heritage,\uc0\u8221{} n.d., 16.\
Romanov, Maxim. \uc0\u8220{}A Digital Humanities for Premodern Islamic History.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}International Journal of Middle East Studies} 50, no. 1 (February 2018): 129\uc0\u8211{}34. https://doi.org/10.1017/S0020743817001015.\
\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}\uc0\u8212{}. \uc0\u8220{}Algorithmic Analysis of Medieval Arabic Biographical Collections.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Speculum} 92, no. S1 (October 2, 2017): S226\uc0\u8211{}46. https://doi.org/10.1086/693970.\
S\uc0\u225{}nchez-Alarc\uc0\u243{}n, Mar\uc0\u237{}a Inmaculada. \uc0\u8220{}El color del deseo que todo lo transforma: claves cinematogr\uc0\u225{}\uc0\u64257{}cas y matrices culturales en el cine de Pedro Almod\uc0\u243{}var,\uc0\u8221{} 2008, 16.\
Sancho, Javier Rodr\uc0\u237{}guez. \uc0\u8220{}LA NUEVA NOVELA HIST\uc0\u211{}RICA: ESPACIO PARA EL ENCUENTRO ENTRE LITERATURA E HISTORIA EN AM\uc0\u201{}RICA LATINA Y EL CARIBE EN LA \uc0\u211{}PTICA DE CARPENTIER.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Inter Sedes}, n.d., 16.\
Stokes, Peter A. \uc0\u8220{}Digital Approaches to Paleography and Book History: Some Challenges, Present and Future.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Frontiers in Digital Humanities} 2 (October 29, 2015). https://doi.org/10.3389/fdigh.2015.00005.\
Todorov, Tzvetan. \uc0\u8220{}LOS ABUSOS DE LA MEMORIA,\uc0\u8221{} n.d., 4.\
\uc0\u8220{}Todorov.Pdf,\uc0\u8221{} n.d.\
Turchin, Peter, Thomas E. Currie, Harvey Whitehouse, Pieter Fran\uc0\u231{}ois, Kevin Feeney, Daniel Mullins, Daniel Hoyer, et al. \uc0\u8220{}Quantitative Historical Analysis Uncovers a Single Dimension of Complexity That Structures Global Variation in Human Social Organization.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences} 115, no. 2 (January 9, 2018): E144\uc0\u8211{}51. https://doi.org/10.1073/pnas.1708800115.\
Van Hyning, Victoria. \uc0\u8220{}Harnessing Crowdsourcing for Scholarly and GLAM Purposes.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Literature Compass} 16, no. 3\uc0\u8211{}4 (April 2019): e12507. https://doi.org/10.1111/lic3.12507.\
\uc0\u8220{}Voir et Lire Carlos Saura,\uc0\u8221{} n.d., 192.\
Windhager, Florian, Paolo Federico, Gunther Schreder, Katrin Glinka, Marian Dork, Silvia Miksch, and Eva Mayr. \uc0\u8220{}Visualization of Cultural Heritage Collection Data: State of the Art and Future Challenges.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}IEEE Transactions on Visualization and Computer Graphics} 25, no. 6 (June 1, 2019): 2311\uc0\u8211{}30. https://doi.org/10.1109/TVCG.2018.2830759.\
}